comments
content
Easy setup, but doesn't work correctly on my Huawei p20 pro (Android version 8.1.0). After the setup, the app won't open when I access it from the app launcher. I see the koronavilkku main screen for a 0,1 seconds, but it then immediately returns back to the app menu. Seems to work otherwise though, as I got a notification. Unfortunately I wasn't able to examine the strength and location of the exposure as I wasn't able to open koronavilkku properly.I would have expected this app to let me change language to Swedish and English as I find them easier to read. Also expected to input symptoms into the app not be taken to an external website that's pants, where you have to Pointless, Chinese-tier surveillance application that does absolutely nothing to prevent the spread of the virus. The privacy policy is a joke. Congratulations on opting in to mass surveillance. content Pointless, Chinese-tier surveillance application that does absolutely nothing to prevent the spread of the virus. The privacy policy is a joke. Congratulations on opting in to mass surveillance. I would have expected this app to let
I would have expected this app to let me change language to Swedish and English as I find them easier to read. Also expected to input symptoms into the app not be taken to an external website that's pants, where you have to faff around to change language, then the questions it asks about the symptoms could be better designed. Uninstalling as it's not fit for purpose.
Easy setup, but doesn't work correctly on my Huawei p20 pro (Android version 8.1.0). After the setup, the app won't open when I access it from the app launcher. I see the koronavilkku main screen for a 0,1 seconds, but it then immediately returns back to the app menu. Seems to work otherwise though, as I got a notification. Unfortunately I wasn't able to examine the strength and location of the exposure as I wasn't able to open koronavilkku properly.
At first the app seemed to work fine. Later, the issue with battery saving and checks not happening rose. Now, the app refuses to even start regardless of my fixing attempts and rebooting. Unfortunately this makes the app useless to me. My phone is a 5 years old Huawei.
Does around one exposure check every couple of days. Battery optimizations are disabled and the app reports itself as working correctly. One Plus 7 Pro 5G. The app really needs to have more debug information visible to show when it's (and whyt it's not) triggering checks so users can determine why it's not working.
Exposure checked almost 3 weeks ago, so not helpfull. Drains battery alot.
So much for being an inclusive country! The stupid app is only in Finnish (not even Swedish which is also official language in Finland)!! How hard was it to translate the menus!! This is made using **my tax money** and yet I'm not considered by the Ministry of Health and whatever dumb company who made such app in 2020!!
Why are Swedish and English localizations missing? Where does the ignorance come from? Didn't THL or Solita really think about feedback from non-finnish speaking people? Why foreigner or Swedish speaking local who is contributing to community, people should be ignored? Huge shame. There aren't many strings to localize, so, you can't bring time as an excuse. It's just one way of showing non Finnish speaking people aren't respected at all in Finland.
Stopped working on my xiaomi note 8 pro. There is 0 checks in last 14 days.
There are over 600,000 residents in Finland whose family language is non-Finnish. English is not just for English speaking people, it is a universal language and used by very many. There are also people visiting the country temporarily, some of these will have Coronavirus, but they will not have this app as it is 100% Finnish. Shame, because if they are stood behind you at the checkout or on the bus you will never be alerted to it, so quite a big flaw there.
English version pls. I cant even set it up as I have no clue what it asks for. It should start with language selection as the first thing!
